[MTM-62996] adding a new section for provisioned certificates (#3619)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-certificate-authentication/provisioned-certificates.md

---
weight: 60
title: Provisioned certificates
layout: bundle
sector:
  - device_management
outputs:
  - html
  - json
helpcontent:
  - label: provisioned-certificates
    title: Provisioned certificates

>     content: "Cumulocity issued certificates can be viewed in device management page in a new tab as X509"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content: "Cumulocity-issued certificates are displayed in the device details on the **X509** tab."
```

---

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}}-issued certificates are visible on the **x509** tab in the [device details](/device-management-application/viewing-device-details/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This sentence is more or less a duplicate of the sentence in line 20.

Open the **x509** tab in the details of a specific device to view currently issued certificates.

![List of provisioned certificates](/images/certificate-authority/provisionedCertificates.png) 

| Field         | Description                                                                                                  | Example             |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| Serial number | Serial number of the certificate in hexadecimal format.                                                      | 1989853f938         |
| Not after     | The date and time after which the certificate is no longer valid. This is effectively the certificate's **expiry date**, and any connection attempt using it after this time will fail the TLS/SSL handshake. | Aug 11, 2027, 2:21:36 PM |
| Not before    | The date and time before which the certificate is not yet valid. This is typically the **issuance date**, and a certificate cannot be used before this point in time. | Aug 11, 2026, 2:21:36 PM |

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> Issued certificates have a validity of 1 year, which is currently not configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issued certificates have a validity of 1 year, which is not configurable.
```

Reviewer: We avoid time-related expressions in the documentation as the documentation is always related to a specific software version.

---
weight: 60
title: Provisioned certificates
layout: bundle
sector:
  - device_management
outputs:
  - html
  - json
helpcontent:
  - label: provisioned-certificates
    title: Provisioned certificates
    content: "Cumulocity issued certificates can be viewed in device management page in a new tab as X509"
---

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Issued certificates can be viewed on the [device management page](/device-management-application/viewing-device-details/) in a new tab named **x509**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}}-issued certificates are visible on the **x509** tab in the [device details](/device-management-application/viewing-device-details/).
```

> {{< c8y-admon-info >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This section describes how to view and revoke provisioned certificates.

> {{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Click the **x509** tab in the left navigation menu to view currently issued certificates, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the **x509** tab in the details of a specific device to view currently issued certificates.
```

> ![List of provisioned certificates](/images/certificate-authority/provisionedCertificates.png) 

Reviewer: The screenshots in the documentation should use the white theme.

Reviewer 2: Done

| Field         | Description                                                                                                  | Example             |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| Serial number | Serial number of the certificate in hexadecimal format.                                                      | 1989853f938         |
| Not after     | The date and time after which the certificate is no longer valid. This is effectively the certificate's **expiry date**, and any connection attempt using it after this time will fail the TLS/SSL handshake. | Aug 11, 2027, 2:21:36 PM |

> | Not before    | The date and time before which the certificate is not yet valid. This is typically the **issuance date**, and a certificate cannot be used before this point in time. | Aug 11, 2026, 2:21:36 PM |

Reviewer: Why typically? What else can it be?

Reviewer 2: In the certificate domain, these can be different dates; the certificate can be issued 'in the future'. In Cumulocity, this will be the certificate signing date.

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> Issued certificates have a validity of **1 year**, which is currently **not** configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issued certificates have a validity of 1 year, which is currently not configurable.
```

Reviewer: As this is already highlighted by using an info box, additional highlighting is not needed.

{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

> Only certificates that are actually used during a successful handshake with the platform are recorded in the provisioned certificates list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only certificates that are used during a successful handshake with the platform are recorded in the provisioned certificates list.
```

> Although only the last **5** entries are stored (based on issue date), there is **no** restriction on the number of certificates that can be issued for a given device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although only the last 5 entries are stored (based on the issue date), there is no restriction on the number of certificates that can be issued for a given device.
```

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
